# Meeting 02 - Project Scope and Requirements Discussion

## Index
- [Meeting 02 - Project Scope and Requirements Discussion](#meeting-02---project-scope-and-requirements-discussion)
  - [Index](#index)
  - [Meeting Info](#meeting-info)
  - [Notes](#notes)
    - [Tasks Allocated](#tasks-allocated)
    - [Next Meeting](#next-meeting)
  
## Meeting Info
**Day and Date**: February 23, 2025 \
**Attendees**: Shivansh Shrivas, Owen Krussow, Ansuman Sharma, Jahnvi Maddila, Achinth Ulagapperoli, Connor Williamson \
**Time**: 5:00 PM - 6:15 PM CST \
**Location**: 1320 LEEP2 / Zoom \
**Meeting Agenda**: Discuss project scope and requirements.

## Notes
- Reiterated on the project scope.
- Owen discussed what should not be included in the scope.
- Jahnvi led the discussion about primary and secondary stakeholders and the different types of users.
- Shivansh led the discussion on functional and non-functional requirements:
  - Discussed the different attributes of the types of content to be stored in the library.
  - Talked about the freemium model and the different perks in the basic and premium versions.
  - Discussed the speed and volume that the database should be able to handle.
- Connor discussed analytics for administrators and searching and filtering features.
- Achinth brought up points about the security of the database, reliability of uptime, and the possibility of a public-facing API for external services.
- Ansuman talked about preferred technologies:
  - Node.js for the backend.
  - PostgreSQL for the database.
  - Supabase for hosting, which includes features like authentication support.
  - Next.js for creating a frontend application for an easy user interface.

### Tasks Allocated
- **Jahnvi Maddila**: Focus on stakeholders and functional requirements.
- **Achinth Ulagapperoli and Connor Williamson**: Focus on non-functional requirements.
- **Ansuman Sharma and Owen Krussow**: Focus on software and hardware requirements.
- **Shivansh Shrivas**: Create the first draft of the database requirements and maintain the notes and meeting logs.

### Next Meeting
- **Date**: February 28, 2025
- **Time**: 5:00 PM CST
- **Agenda**: Review the requirements and finalize the database requirements.