# Meeting 00 - Initial Introduction

## Index
- [Meeting 00 - Initial Introduction](#meeting-00---initial-introduction)
  - [Index](#index)
  - [Meeting Info](#meeting-info)
  - [Notes](#notes)
    - [Introductions and Initial Discussions](#introductions-and-initial-discussions)
    - [Role Assignments](#role-assignments)
    - [Brainstorming](#brainstorming)
    - [Tasks Allocated](#tasks-allocated)
    - [Next Meeting](#next-meeting)
  
  
## Meeting Info
**Day and Date**: February 2, 2025 \
**Attendees**: Shivansh Shrivas, Owen Krussow, Ansuman Sharma, Jahnvi Maddila \
**Time**: 3:00 PM - 3:30 PM CST \
**Location**: 1320 LEEP2 / Zoom \
**Meeting Agenda**: Introduce ourselves and discuss the project plan.

## Notes
### Introductions and Initial Discussions
- Introduced ourselves and discussed ideas for the database systems.
- Created a Discord group chat for collaboration and communication.

### Role Assignments
- **Project Manager**: Shivansh Shrivas
- **Database Design Lead / Requirements Lead**: Jahnvi Maddila and Achinth Ulagapperoli
- **Software Lead**: Ansuman Sharma
- **GitHub Repository Manager / Meeting Notes**: Owen Krussow and Shivansh Shrivas

All roles were self-volunteered.
### Brainstorming
- Brainstormed on a project name and will be discussed in the group chat.
- Discussed various project ideas and potential features.
- Brainstormed about new meeting timings to accommodate everyone's schedule.

### Tasks Allocated
- Everyone was asked to think about the project name and come up with suggestions for the next meeting. **Deadline**: February 9, 2025

### Next Meeting
- **Date**: February 9, 2025
- **Time**: 5:00 PM CST
- **Agenda**: Discuss project ideas, finalize the project name, and plan the next steps of actions to create a project vision.

